Correct UK address description and example (#35937)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/attributes/autocomplete/index.md

#### United Kingdom

Address input forms in the UK should contain one or two address levels and one, two or three address lines, depending on the address. A complete address would look like so:

103 Frogmarch Street

> Upper-Wapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apartment #2C
```
to go with my edits below

Author: As per my comment above, it would usually go:

Apartment 2C,
103 Frogmarch Street...

Reviewer: I did not know that. Addresses are confusing.  edited below. The GUI isn't letting me update above.

Winchelsea
Whereshire
TN99 8ZZ

The address levels are:

> - `address-level1`: The county — "Whereshire" in this case.
> - `address-level2`: The post town — "Winchelsea" in this case.
> - `address-line2`: The locality — "Upper-Wapping" in this case.
> - `address-line1`: The house/street particulars — "103 Frogmarch Street".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `address-line1`: First `street-address` line; the house number and street name — "103 Frogmarch Street".
- `address-line2`: Additional `street-address` details — "Apartment #2C" in this case.
- `address-level3`: The county — "Whereshire" in this case.
- `address-level4`: The post town — "Winchelsea" in this case.
- `postal-code`: The post code — "TN99 8ZZ" in this case.
```
`address-lineX` are single line versions of the multi-line `street-address`. I don't think UK localities fits this description

Reviewer: edit 297 to reflect postal code being included in the example

Author: In the UK, the apartment, would be listed _before_ the street number and name. so I believe `address-line1` (or first `street-address` line) in your example would be "Apartment 2C":

Apartment 2C,
103 Frogmarch Street,
Winchelsea,
Whereshire.
TN99 8ZZ
